Added 'winning over content creators' reference. (#18388)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/winning-over-content-creators.md

Some specific things that content creators care about include:

- **Using tools they are familiar with.** The content creator probably has tools and workflows that they are already using, like a CMS. Gatsby could be used to integrate and possibly improve that workflow.
- **Consistency** Consistency is key for a content creator, so their content matches the related content and branding.
- **Audience**. Probably the biggest thing the content creator cares about is the audience, for who are they creating content?
- **Flexible content**. Content creators care about personalizing content based on the audience that is viewing it, and creating multiple kinds of content.

## Benefits

Content creators may be curious about topics such as current workflow, new possibilities, flexibility.

### Current workflow

> Gatsby integrates with a bunch of data sources and CMS's, there are ways to integrate your current workflow using Gatsby. If you love using your current CMS, great! Gatsby doesn’t decide your workflow, you do.

### Possibilities

> > Multiple data sources make it possible to create your content wherever you want to. You could add YouTube videos or any other external API as content to Gatsby. Reach your audience in new ways.

Reviewer: I suggest revising to something like, "With Gatsby, you can pick whichever tools work best for your site and your content - choose the best CMS, the best ecommerce tool, the best video hosting, and build your own content stack without worrying about unreliable plugins or the politics of software partnerships." Some of my suggestion might be a little too snarky...

## Conclusion

> Gatsby offers an immense possibilities use data from different sources. The content creator can use his or her current workflow and even expand it in ways not possible before. This allows content creators to do what they do best, create captivating content for their audience.

Reviewer: Suggested revision: "Gatsby offers unparalleled flexibility so you can have the benefits of Gatsby without compromising the efficiency and power of your favorite content tools. Content creators can keep their existing workflows and have plenty of room to grow their site in exciting new ways, empowering them to do what they do best, create captivating content for their audience."

---
title: "Winning Over Content Creators"

> issue: https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues/18281

Reviewer 2: With this much content, we can probably remove the stub status.

```suggestion
```

---

> Content creators are probably the heaviest end-users of your Gatsby projects because they create and manage the content used in your project. If you're a developer, you may find that simply talking to content creators about why _you_ like Gatsby is enough to get them interested. Below are topics a content creator cares about and how Gatsby can improve these.

Reviewer 2: This isn't necessarily a true statement depending on the reader's situation, so we should keep it more open-ended.

```suggestion
Content creators can be potentially some of the heaviest end-users of your Gatsby projects when they create and manage the content used in your project. If you're a developer, you may find that simply talking to content creators about why _you_ like Gatsby is enough to get them interested. Below are topics a content creator cares about and how Gatsby can improve these areas.
```

Some specific things that content creators care about include:

> - **Using tools they are familiar with.** The content creator probably has tools and workflows that they are already using, like a CMS. Gatsby could be used to integrate and possibly improve that workflow.

Reviewer 2: We need to do more to convince the reader that Gatsby can actually improve a CMS workflow. The section below doesn't really cover it, either. Do you have ideas on how to expand on this? e.g. "improve that workflow by integrating with cloud services that automatically deploy content generated in a CMS". This could be a nice tie-in to the Gatsbyjs.com product side, which aims to solve some of these use cases.

```suggestion
- **Using tools they are familiar with.** The content creator probably has tools and workflows that they are already using, like a [CMS](/docs/glossary#cms). Gatsby could be used to integrate and possibly improve that workflow by _____.
```

An alternative suggestion would be to remove the "Gatsby could be used to" sentence and expand on it in the section below.

Author: I am currently blank on how to properly convince readers  to improve the workflow, I also feel like it's probably really subjective what 'improvement' is. I do feel like there could be more added though. 
If anyone has any other ideas, please share them 😄!

Reviewer 3: I would suggest a stronger mentioning of the number of plugins that integrate external tools and services into Gatsby projects, and probably, not sure, the work that has been done with the common workflows as an example of how other popular tools can be used with Gatsby. 

Additionally, I think that for this particular guide it may be useful to showcase success stories of creators' projects that use or have been migrated to Gatsby.

- **Consistency** Consistency is key for a content creator, so their content matches the related content and branding.
- **Audience**. Probably the biggest thing the content creator cares about is the audience, for who are they creating content?
- **Flexible content**. Content creators care about personalizing content based on the audience that is viewing it, and creating multiple kinds of content.

## Benefits

Content creators may be curious about topics such as current workflow, new possibilities, flexibility.

### Use the tools you already know and love

> > Gatsby can be configured to work with any CMS, database, or any other tools, including tools you're already using. If you love using your current CMS, great! Gatsby doesn’t decide your workflow, you do.

Reviewer 2: I don't think that "any CMS or database" is actually true, so we should keep it a bit more honest. I would also remove the blockquotes since those are typically reserved for notes/callouts, and not regular paragraphs.

```suggestion
Gatsby can be configured to work with many CMS platforms and databases out of the box, with the ability to create additional source plugins for any other tools: including tools you're already using. If you love using your current CMS, great! Gatsby doesn’t decide your workflow, you do.
```

### Choose the best tools for your content and audience

> > With Gatsby, you can pick whichever tools work best for your site and your content - choose the best CMS, the best ecommerce tool, the best video hosting, and build your own content stack without worrying about unreliable plugins or the politics of software partnerships. Have full control over how your content gets delivered to your audience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Gatsby, you can pick whichever tools work best for your site and your content - choose the best CMS, the best e-commerce tool, the best video hosting, and build your own content stack without worrying about unreliable plugins or the politics of software partnerships. Gain full control over how your content gets delivered to your audience.
```

## Conclusion

> Gatsby offers unparalleled flexibility so you can have the benefits of Gatsby without compromising the efficiency and power of your favorite content tools. Content creators can keep their existing workflows and have plenty of room to grow their site in exciting new ways, empowering them to do what they do best, create captivating content for their audience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gatsby offers unparalleled flexibility so you can have the benefits of Gatsby without compromising the efficiency and power of your favorite content tools. Content creators can keep their existing workflows and have plenty of room to grow their site in exciting new ways, empowering them to do what they do best: create captivating content for their audience.
```

## Other resources

> - If your content creator is also a marketer [The winning over marketers](/docs/winning-over-marketers) could also be useful.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If your content creator is also a marketer, the doc on [winning over marketers](/docs/winning-over-marketers) could also be useful.
```

> - If you want to read up on how to integrate Gatsby with diffrent CMSs [This part of the docs is a great starting point](/docs/headless-cms). Another great article is ["Building Sites with Headless CMSs"](/blog/2018-2-3-sites-with-headless-cms/) by Shannon Soper.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you want to read up on how to integrate Gatsby with different CMS platforms, the doc on [headless CMSs](/docs/headless-cms) is a great starting point. Another relevant article is ["Building Sites with Headless CMSs"](/blog/2018-2-3-sites-with-headless-cms/) by Shannon Soper.
```

> - Another great resource is the two-part blog by Michelle Gienow ["Delicious Simplicity ❤️ Gatsby: Building Happily Ever After"](/blog/2019-06-08-delicious-simplicity-case-study-part-1/) and ["Sharing the Gatsby Love with Content Creators"](/blog/2019-09-18-delicious-simplicity-case-study-part2/) by Linda Watkins.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Further reading could include the two-part blog by Michelle Gienow ["Delicious Simplicity ❤️ Gatsby: Building Happily Ever After"](/blog/2019-06-08-delicious-simplicity-case-study-part-1/) and ["Sharing the Gatsby Love with Content Creators"](/blog/2019-09-18-delicious-simplicity-case-study-part2/) by Linda Watkins.
```

> --

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
As noted above, we can remove the stub status from this one with adequate content.

> This is a stub. Help our community expand it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Please use the [Gatsby Style Guide](/contributing/gatsby-style-guide/) to ensure your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> pull request gets accepted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
